add sample code (#8)
wantedly/subee: _examples/your-first-cloudpubsub-app/README.md

# Your first Google Cloud Pub/Sub app

## Files

- [main.go](main.go) - example source code
- [docker-compose.yml](docker-compose.yml) - tool for defining and running multi container Docker applications, contains Golang, Google Cloud Pub/Sub Emulator
- [go.mod](go.mod) - Go modules dependencies
- [go.sum](go.sum) - Go modules checksums

> you can find more information about go.mod and go.sumat [Go wiki](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find more information about `go.mod` and `go.sum` at [Go wiki](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules)
```

Author: oh.., thank you!

## Requirements

To run this example you will need Docker and docker-compose installed. See installation guide at https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/

## Running

```bash
> docker-compose up
[a lot of Cloud Pub/Sub logs...]

> golang_1     | {"level":"info","ts":1551161785.525428,"caller":"subee@v0.1.0/engine.go:46","msg":"Start Pub/Sub worker"}

Reviewer: please update this 🙏

Author: thank you!
